---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cdn_certificate Data Source - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CDN SSL certificates enable HTTPS content delivery, supporting both uploaded certificates and automated Let's Encrypt provisioning.
---

# gcore_cdn_certificate (Data Source)

CDN SSL certificates enable HTTPS content delivery, supporting both uploaded certificates and automated Let's Encrypt provisioning.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cdn_certificate" "example_cdn_certificate" {
  ssl_id = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ssl_id` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `automated` (Boolean) How the SSL certificate was issued.

Possible values:
- **true** - Certificate was issued automatically.
- **false** - Certificate was added by a use.
- `cert_issuer` (String) Name of the certification center issued the SSL certificate.
- `cert_subject_alt` (String) Alternative domain names that the SSL certificate secures.
- `cert_subject_cn` (String) Domain name that the SSL certificate secures.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Defines whether the certificate has been deleted. Parameter is **deprecated**.

Possible values:
- **true** - Certificate has been deleted.
- **false** - Certificate has not been deleted.
- `has_related_resources` (Boolean) Defines whether the SSL certificate is used by a CDN resource.

Possible values:
- **true** - Certificate is used by a CDN resource.
- **false** - Certificate is not used by a CDN resource.
- `id` (Number) SSL certificate ID.
- `name` (String) SSL certificate name.
- `ssl_certificate_chain` (String) Parameter is **deprecated**.
- `validity_not_after` (String) Date when certificate become untrusted (ISO 8601/RFC 3339 format, UTC.)
- `validity_not_before` (String) Date when certificate become valid (ISO 8601/RFC 3339 format, UTC.)
