---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cdn_client_config Data Source - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Information about the current state of the CDN service in your account.
---

# gcore_cdn_client_config (Data Source)

Information about the current state of the CDN service in your account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cdn_client_config" "example_cdn_client_config" {

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `auto_suspend_enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether resources will be deactivated automatically by inactivity.

Possible values:
- **true** - Resources will be deactivated.
- **false** - Resources will not be deactivated.
- `cdn_resources_rules_max_count` (Number) Limit on the number of rules for each CDN resource.
- `cname` (String) Domain zone to which a CNAME record of your CDN resources should be pointed.
- `created` (String) Date of the first synchronization with the Platform (ISO 8601/RFC 3339 format, UTC.)
- `id` (Number) Account ID.
- `service` (Attributes) Information about the CDN service status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `updated` (String) Date of the last update of information about CDN service (ISO 8601/RFC 3339 format, UTC.)
- `use_balancer` (Boolean) Defines whether custom balancing is used for content delivery.

Possible values:
- **true** - Custom balancing is used for content delivery.
- **false** - Custom balancing is not used for content delivery.
- `utilization_level` (Number) CDN traffic usage limit in gigabytes.

When the limit is reached, we will send an email notification.

<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether the CDN service is activated.

Possible values:
- **true** - Service is activated.
- **false** - Service is not activated.
- `status` (String) CDN service status.

Possible values:
- **new** - CDN service is not activated.
- **trial** - Free trial is in progress.
- **trialend** - Free trial has ended and CDN service is stopped. All CDN resources are suspended.
- **activating** - CDN service is being activated. It can take up to 15 minutes.
- **active** - CDN service is active.
- **paused** - CDN service is stopped. All CDN resources are suspended.
- **deleted** - CDN service is stopped. All CDN resources are deleted.
- `updated` (String) Date of the last CDN service status update (ISO 8601/RFC 3339 format, UTC.)
