---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ips Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.
---

# gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ips (Data Source)

Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ips" "example_cloud_reserved_fixed_ips" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
  available_only = true
  device_id = "device_id"
  external_only = true
  internal_only = true
  ip_address = "ip_address"
  order_by = "order_by"
  vip_only = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `available_only` (Boolean) Set to true if the response should only list IP addresses that are not attached to any instance
- `device_id` (String) Filter IPs by device ID it is attached to
- `external_only` (Boolean) Set to true if the response should only list public IP addresses
- `internal_only` (Boolean) Set to true if the response should only list private IP addresses
- `ip_address` (String) An IPv4 address to filter results by. Regular expression allowed
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `order_by` (String) Ordering reserved fixed IP list result by name, status, `updated_at`, `created_at` or `fixed_ip_address` fields and directions (status.asc), default is "fixed_ip_address.asc"
- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)
- `vip_only` (Boolean) Set to true if the response should only list VIPs

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Attributes List) Group of subnet masks and/or IP addresses that share the current IP as VIP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--allowed_address_pairs))
- `attachments` (Attributes List) Reserved fixed IP attachment entities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--attachments))
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `fixed_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `is_external` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP belongs to a public network
- `is_vip` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP is a VIP
- `name` (String) Reserved fixed IP name
- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network))
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network the port is attached to
- `port_id` (String) ID of the port underlying the reserved fixed IP
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `reservation` (Attributes) Reserved fixed IP status with resource type and ID it is attached to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--reservation))
- `status` (String) Underlying port status
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that owns the IP address
- `subnet_v6_id` (String) ID of the subnet that owns the IPv6 address
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--allowed_address_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.allowed_address_pairs`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) Subnet mask or IP address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`


<a id="nestedatt--items--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.attachments`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type


<a id="nestedatt--items--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the network was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `default` (Boolean) True if network has `is_default` attribute
- `external` (Boolean) True if the network `router:external` attribute
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `mtu` (Number) MTU (maximum transmission unit). Default value is 1450
- `name` (String) Network name
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates `port_security_enabled` status of all newly created in the network ports.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `segmentation_id` (Number) Id of network segment
- `shared` (Boolean) True when the network is shared with your project by external owner
- `subnets` (List of String) List of subnetworks
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--network--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `type` (String) Network type (vlan, vxlan)
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the network was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--network--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.network.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.



<a id="nestedatt--items--reservation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.reservation`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the instance or load balancer the IP is attached to
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of the resource the IP is attached to
- `status` (String) IP reservation status
