---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_secret Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_secret (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_secret" "example_cloud_secret" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  secret_id = "bfc7824b-31b6-4a28-a0c4-7df137139215"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `secret_id` (String) Secret ID

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) Metadata provided by a user or system for informational purposes. Defaults to None
- `bit_length` (Number) Metadata provided by a user or system for informational purposes. Value must be greater than zero. Defaults to None
- `content_types` (Map of String) Describes the content-types that can be used to retrieve the payload. The content-type used with symmetric secrets is application/octet-stream
- `created` (String) Datetime when the secret was created. The format is 2020-01-01T12:00:00+00:00
- `expiration` (String) Datetime when the secret will expire. The format is 2020-01-01T12:00:00+00:00. Defaults to None
- `id` (String) Secret uuid
- `mode` (String) Metadata provided by a user or system for informational purposes. Defaults to None
- `name` (String) Secret name
- `secret_type` (String) Secret type, base64 encoded. symmetric - Used for storing byte arrays such as keys suitable for symmetric encryption; public - Used for storing the public key of an asymmetric keypair; private - Used for storing the private key of an asymmetric keypair; passphrase - Used for storing plain text passphrases; certificate - Used for storing cryptographic certificates such as X.509 certificates; opaque - Used for backwards compatibility with previous versions of the API
Available values: "certificate", "opaque", "passphrase", "private", "public", "symmetric".
- `status` (String) Status
