---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_file_share Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_file_share (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_file_share" "example_cloud_file_share" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  file_share_id = "bd8c47ee-e565-4e26-8840-b537e6827b08"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `file_share_id` (String) File Share ID
- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID

### Read-Only

- `connection_point` (String) Connection point. Can be null during File share creation
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the file share was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `id` (String) File Share ID
- `name` (String) File share name
- `network_id` (String) Network ID.
- `network_name` (String) Network name.
- `protocol` (String) File share protocol
- `region` (String) Region name
- `share_network_name` (String) Share network name. May be null if the file share was created with volume type VAST
- `share_settings` (Attributes) Share settings specific to the file share type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--share_settings))
- `size` (Number) File share size in GiB
- `status` (String) File share status
Available values: "available", "awaiting_transfer", "backup_creating", "backup_restoring", "backup_restoring_error", "creating", "creating_from_snapshot", "deleted", "deleting", "ensuring", "error", "error_deleting", "extending", "extending_error", "inactive", "manage_error", "manage_starting", "migrating", "migrating_to", "replication_change", "reverting", "reverting_error", "shrinking", "shrinking_error", "shrinking_possible_data_loss_error", "unmanage_error", "unmanage_starting", "unmanaged".
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name.
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `type_name` (String) File share type name
Available values: "standard", "vast".
- `volume_type` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Use `type_name` instead. File share disk type
Available values: "default_share_type", "vast_share_type".

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `name` (String) File share name. Uses partial match.
- `type_name` (String) File share type name
Available values: "standard", "vast".


<a id="nestedatt--share_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_settings`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_characters` (String) Available values: "LCD", "NPL".
- `path_length` (String) Available values: "LCD", "NPL".
- `root_squash` (Boolean) Enables or disables root squash for NFS clients.
- If `true`, root squash is enabled: the root user is mapped to nobody for all file and folder management operations on the export.
- If `false`, root squash is disabled: the NFS client `root` user retains root privileges.
- `type_name` (String) Standard file share type
Available values: "standard", "vast".


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. The maximum size for a key is 255 bytes.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. The maximum size for a value is 1024 bytes.
