---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_network_subnet Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_network_subnet (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_network_subnet" "example_cloud_network_subnet" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  subnet_id = "b39792c3-3160-4356-912e-ba396c95cdcf"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID

### Optional

- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID

### Read-Only

- `available_ips` (Number) Number of available ips in subnet
- `cidr` (String) CIDR
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the subnet was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) List IP addresses of a DNS resolver reachable from the network
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) True if DHCP should be enabled
- `gateway_ip` (String) Default GW IPv4 address, advertised in DHCP routes of this subnet. If null, no gateway is advertised by this subnet.
- `has_router` (Boolean, Deprecated) Deprecated. Always returns `false`.
- `host_routes` (Attributes List) List of custom static routes to advertise via DHCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_routes))
- `id` (String) Subnet ID
- `ip_version` (Number) IP version
Available values: 4, 6.
- `name` (String) Subnet name
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `total_ips` (Number) Total number of ips in subnet
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the subnet was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `network_id` (String) Only list subnets of this network
- `order_by` (String) Ordering subnets list result by `name`, `created_at`, `updated_at`, `available_ips`, `total_ips`, and `cidr` (default) fields of the subnet and directions (`name.asc`).
Available values: "available_ips.asc", "available_ips.desc", "cidr.asc", "cidr.desc", "created_at.asc", "created_at.desc", "name.asc", "name.desc", "total_ips.asc", "total_ips.desc", "updated_at.asc", "updated_at.desc".
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys. ?`tag_key`=key1&`tag_key`=key2
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.


<a id="nestedatt--host_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_routes`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) CIDR of destination IPv4 subnet.
- `nexthop` (String) IPv4 address to forward traffic to if it's destination IP matches 'destination' CIDR.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. The maximum size for a key is 255 bytes.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. The maximum size for a value is 1024 bytes.
