---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_volumes Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Volumes are block storage devices that can be attached to instances as boot or data disks, with support for resizing and type changes.
---

# gcore_cloud_volumes (Data Source)

Volumes are block storage devices that can be attached to instances as boot or data disks, with support for resizing and type changes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_volumes" "example_cloud_volumes" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  bootable = false
  cluster_id = "t12345"
  has_attachments = true
  id_part = "726ecfcc-7fd0-4e30-a86e-7892524aa483"
  instance_id = "169942e0-9b53-42df-95ef-1a8b6525c2bd"
  name_part = "test"
  tag_key = ["key1", "key2"]
  tag_key_value = "tag_key_value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bootable` (Boolean) Filter by bootable field
- `cluster_id` (String) Filter volumes by k8s cluster ID
- `has_attachments` (Boolean) Filter by the presence of attachments
- `id_part` (String) Filter the volume list result by the ID part of the volume
- `instance_id` (String) Filter volumes by instance ID
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name_part` (String) Filter volumes by `name_part` inclusion in volume name.Any substring can be used and volumes will be returned with names containing the substring.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys. ?`tag_key`=key1&`tag_key`=key2
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `attachments` (Attributes List) List of attachments associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--attachments))
- `bootable` (Boolean) Indicates whether the volume is bootable.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the volume was created.
- `creator_task_id` (String) The ID of the task that created this volume.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the volume.
- `is_root_volume` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is a root volume.
- `limiter_stats` (Attributes) Schema representing the Quality of Service (QoS) parameters for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--limiter_stats))
- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID.
- `region` (String) The region where the volume is located.
- `region_id` (Number) The identifier of the region.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume in gibibytes (GiB).
- `snapshot_ids` (List of String) List of snapshot IDs associated with this volume.
- `status` (String) The current status of the volume.
Available values: "attaching", "available", "awaiting-transfer", "backing-up", "creating", "deleting", "detaching", "downloading", "error", "error_backing-up", "error_deleting", "error_extending", "error_restoring", "extending", "in-use", "maintenance", "reserved", "restoring-backup", "retyping", "reverting", "uploading".
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the volume was last updated.
- `volume_image_metadata` (Map of String) Image metadata for volumes created from an image.
- `volume_type` (String) The type of volume storage.

<a id="nestedatt--items--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.attachments`

Read-Only:

- `attached_at` (String) The date and time when the attachment was created.
- `attachment_id` (String) The unique identifier of the attachment object.
- `device` (String) The block device name inside the guest instance.
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor ID of the instance.
- `instance_name` (String) The name of the instance if attached and the server name is known.
- `server_id` (String) The unique identifier of the instance.
- `volume_id` (String) The unique identifier of the attached volume.


<a id="nestedatt--items--limiter_stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.limiter_stats`

Read-Only:

- `iops_base_limit` (Number) The sustained IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) limit.
- `iops_burst_limit` (Number) The burst IOPS limit.
- `m_bps_base_limit` (Number) The sustained bandwidth limit in megabytes per second (MBps).
- `m_bps_burst_limit` (Number) The burst bandwidth limit in megabytes per second (MBps).


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
