---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_network_routers Data Source - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Routers interconnect subnets and manage network routing, including external gateway connectivity and static routes.
---

# gcore_cloud_network_routers (Data Source)

Routers interconnect subnets and manage network routing, including external gateway connectivity and static routes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_network_routers" "example_cloud_network_routers" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the router was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `distributed` (Boolean) Whether the router is distributed or centralized.
- `external_gateway_info` (Attributes) State of this router's external gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--external_gateway_info))
- `id` (String) Router ID
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) List of router interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--interfaces))
- `name` (String) Router name
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `routes` (Attributes List) List of custom routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes))
- `status` (String) Status of the router.
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the router was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--external_gateway_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.external_gateway_info`

Read-Only:

- `enable_snat` (Boolean) Is SNAT enabled.
- `external_fixed_ips` (Attributes List) List of external IPs that emit SNAT-ed traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--external_gateway_info--external_fixed_ips))
- `network_id` (String) Id of the external network.

<a id="nestedatt--items--external_gateway_info--external_fixed_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.external_gateway_info.external_fixed_ips`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that allocated the IP



<a id="nestedatt--items--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `ip_assignments` (Attributes List) IP addresses assigned to this port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--interfaces--ip_assignments))
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the virtual port
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network the port is attached to
- `port_id` (String) ID of virtual ethernet port object

<a id="nestedatt--items--interfaces--ip_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.interfaces.ip_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that allocated the IP



<a id="nestedatt--items--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) CIDR of destination IPv4 subnet.
- `nexthop` (String) IPv4 address to forward traffic to if it's destination IP matches 'destination' CIDR.
