---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_load_balancers Data Source - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Load balancers distribute incoming traffic across multiple instances with support for listeners, pools, and health monitoring.
---

# gcore_cloud_load_balancers (Data Source)

Load balancers distribute incoming traffic across multiple instances with support for listeners, pools, and health monitoring.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_load_balancers" "example_cloud_load_balancers" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 7
  assigned_floating = true
  logging_enabled = true
  name = "lb_name"
  tag_key = ["key1", "key2"]
  tag_key_value = "tag_key_value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `assigned_floating` (Boolean) With or without assigned floating IP
- `logging_enabled` (Boolean) With or without logging enabled
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (String) Filter by name
- `order_by` (String) Order by field and direction.
Available values: "created_at.asc", "created_at.desc", "flavor.asc", "flavor.desc", "name.asc", "name.desc", "operating_status.asc", "operating_status.desc", "provisioning_status.asc", "provisioning_status.desc", "updated_at.asc", "updated_at.desc", "vip_address.asc", "vip_address.desc", "vip_ip_family.asc", "vip_ip_family.desc".
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `show_stats` (Boolean) Show statistics
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys. ?`tag_key`=key1&`tag_key`=key2
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.
- `with_ddos` (Boolean) Show Advanced DDoS protection profile, if exists

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `additional_vips` (Attributes List) List of additional IP addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--additional_vips))
- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Administrative state of the resource. When set to true, the resource is enabled and operational. When set to false, the resource is disabled and will not process traffic. Defaults to true.
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the load balancer was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `ddos_profile` (Attributes) Loadbalancer advanced DDoS protection profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile))
- `flavor` (Attributes) Load balancer flavor (if not default) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--flavor))
- `floating_ips` (Attributes List) List of assigned floating IPs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--floating_ips))
- `id` (String) Load balancer ID
- `listeners` (Attributes List) Load balancer listeners (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--listeners))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--logging))
- `name` (String) Load balancer name
- `operating_status` (String) Load balancer operating status
Available values: "DEGRADED", "DRAINING", "ERROR", "NO_MONITOR", "OFFLINE", "ONLINE".
- `preferred_connectivity` (String) Preferred option to establish connectivity between load balancer and its pools members
Available values: "L2", "L3".
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `provisioning_status` (String) Load balancer lifecycle status
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DELETED", "ERROR", "PENDING_CREATE", "PENDING_DELETE", "PENDING_UPDATE".
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `stats` (Attributes) Statistics of load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--stats))
- `tags_v2` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags_v2))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the load balancer was last updated
- `vip_address` (String) Load balancer IP address
- `vip_fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name for the load balancer VIP
- `vip_ip_family` (String) Load balancer IP family
Available values: "dual", "ipv4", "ipv6".
- `vip_port_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual IP (VIP) port.
- `vrrp_ips` (Attributes List) List of VRRP IP addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vrrp_ips))

<a id="nestedatt--items--additional_vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.additional_vips`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet UUID


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configured field values for the protection profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--fields))
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection profile
- `options` (Attributes) Configuration options controlling profile activation and BGP routing (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--options))
- `profile_template` (Attributes) Complete template configuration data used for this profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template))
- `profile_template_description` (String) Detailed description of the protection template used for this profile
- `protocols` (Attributes List) List of network protocols and ports configured for protection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--protocols))
- `site` (String) Geographic site identifier where the protection is deployed
- `status` (Attributes) Current operational status and any error information for the profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.fields`

Read-Only:

- `base_field` (Number) ID of DDoS profile field
- `default` (String) Predefined default value for the field if not specified
- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the field's purpose and usage guidelines
- `field_type` (String) Data type classification of the field (e.g., string, integer, array)
- `field_value` (String) Complex value for the DDoS profile field
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection field
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection field
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether this field must be provided when creating a protection profile
- `validation_schema` (String) JSON schema defining validation rules and constraints for the field value


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.options`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Controls whether the DDoS protection profile is enabled and actively protecting the resource
- `bgp` (Boolean) Enables Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing for DDoS protection traffic


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.profile_template`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the template's purpose and use cases
- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configurable fields that define the template's protection parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template--fields))
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection template
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection template

<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.profile_template.fields`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Predefined default value for the field if not specified
- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the field's purpose and usage guidelines
- `field_type` (String) Data type classification of the field (e.g., string, integer, array)
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection field
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection field
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether this field must be provided when creating a protection profile
- `validation_schema` (String) JSON schema defining validation rules and constraints for the field value



<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Network port number for which protocols are configured
- `protocols` (List of String) List of network protocols enabled on the specified port


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.status`

Read-Only:

- `error_description` (String) Detailed error message describing any issues with the profile operation
- `status` (String) Current operational status of the DDoS protection profile



<a id="nestedatt--items--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.flavor`

Read-Only:

- `flavor_id` (String) Flavor ID is the same as name
- `flavor_name` (String) Flavor name
- `ram` (Number) RAM size in MiB
- `vcpus` (Number) Virtual CPU count. For bare metal flavors, it's a physical CPU count


<a id="nestedatt--items--floating_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.floating_ips`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the floating IP was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) IP address of the port the floating IP is attached to
- `floating_ip_address` (String) IP Address of the floating IP
- `id` (String) Floating IP ID
- `port_id` (String) Port ID the floating IP is attached to. The `fixed_ip_address` is the IP address of the port.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `router_id` (String) Router ID
- `status` (String) Floating IP status. DOWN - unassigned (available). ACTIVE - attached to a port (in use). ERROR - error state.
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DOWN", "ERROR".
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--floating_ips--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the floating IP was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--floating_ips--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.floating_ips.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.



<a id="nestedatt--items--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.listeners`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Listener ID


<a id="nestedatt--items--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.logging`

Read-Only:

- `destination_region_id` (Number) ID of the region in which the logs will be stored
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if log streaming is enabled or disabled
- `retention_policy` (Attributes) Logs retention policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--logging--retention_policy))
- `topic_name` (String) The topic name to stream logs to

<a id="nestedatt--items--logging--retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.logging.retention_policy`

Read-Only:

- `period` (Number) Duration of days for which logs must be kept.



<a id="nestedatt--items--stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.stats`

Read-Only:

- `active_connections` (Number) Currently active connections
- `bytes_in` (Number) Total bytes received
- `bytes_out` (Number) Total bytes sent
- `request_errors` (Number) Total requests that were unable to be fulfilled
- `total_connections` (Number) Total connections handled


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags_v2`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.


<a id="nestedatt--items--vrrp_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vrrp_ips`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `role` (String) LoadBalancer instance role to which VRRP IP belong
Available values: "BACKUP", "MASTER", "STANDALONE".
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet UUID
