---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_instance_image Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_instance_image (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_instance_image" "example_cloud_instance_image" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
  image_id = "image_id"
  include_prices = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image_id` (String)

### Optional

- `include_prices` (Boolean) Show price
- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `architecture` (String) An image architecture type: aarch64, `x86_64`
Available values: "aarch64", "x86_64".
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the image was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `description` (String) Image description
- `disk_format` (String) Disk format
- `display_order` (Number)
- `gpu_driver` (String) Name of the GPU driver vendor
- `gpu_driver_type` (String) Type of the GPU driver
- `gpu_driver_version` (String) Version of the installed GPU driver
- `hw_firmware_type` (String) Specifies the type of firmware with which to boot the guest.
Available values: "bios", "uefi".
- `hw_machine_type` (String) A virtual chipset type.
Available values: "pc", "q35".
- `id` (String) Image ID
- `is_baremetal` (Boolean) Set to true if the image will be used by bare metal servers. Defaults to false.
- `min_disk` (Number) Minimal boot volume required
- `min_ram` (Number) Minimal VM RAM required
- `name` (String) Image display name
- `os_distro` (String) OS Distribution, i.e. Debian, CentOS, Ubuntu, CoreOS etc.
- `os_type` (String) The operating system installed on the image.
Available values: "linux", "windows".
- `os_version` (String) OS version, i.e. 19.04 (for Ubuntu) or 9.4 for Debian
- `region` (String) Region name
- `size` (Number) Image size in bytes
- `ssh_key` (String) Whether the image supports SSH key or not
Available values: "allow", "deny", "required".
- `status` (String) Image status, i.e. active
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the image was updated
- `visibility` (String) Image visibility. Globally visible images are public

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. The maximum size for a key is 255 bytes.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. The maximum size for a value is 1024 bytes.
