---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_floating_ip Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A floating IP is a static IP address that points to one of your Instances. It allows you to redirect network traffic to any of your Instances in the same datacenter.
---

# gcore_cloud_floating_ip (Data Source)

A floating IP is a static IP address that points to one of your Instances. It allows you to redirect network traffic to any of your Instances in the same datacenter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_floating_ip" "example_cloud_floating_ip" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  floating_ip_id = "c64e5db1-5f1f-43ec-a8d9-5090df85b82d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `floating_ip_id` (String) Floating IP ID
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the floating IP was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) IP address of the port the floating IP is attached to
- `floating_ip_address` (String) IP Address of the floating IP
- `id` (String) Floating IP ID
- `port_id` (String) Port ID the floating IP is attached to. The `fixed_ip_address` is the IP address of the port.
- `region` (String) Region name
- `router_id` (String) Router ID
- `status` (String) Floating IP status. DOWN - unassigned (available). ACTIVE - attached to a port (in use). ERROR - error state.
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DOWN", "ERROR".
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the floating IP was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `status` (String) Filter by floating IP status. DOWN - unassigned (available). ACTIVE - attached to a port (in use). ERROR - error state.
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DOWN", "ERROR".
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys. ?`tag_key`=key1&`tag_key`=key2
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. The maximum size for a key is 255 characters.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. The maximum size for a value is 255 characters.
