---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster" "example_cloud_k8s_cluster" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
  cluster_name = "cluster_name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String)

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `add_ons` (Attributes) Cluster add-ons configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons))
- `authentication` (Attributes) Cluster authentication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `autoscaler_config` (Map of String) Cluster autoscaler configuration.

It contains overrides to the default cluster-autoscaler parameters provided by the platform.
- `cni` (Attributes) Cluster CNI settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cni))
- `created_at` (String) Function creation date
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `csi` (Attributes) Cluster CSI settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--csi))
- `ddos_profile` (Attributes) Advanced DDoS Protection profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddos_profile))
- `fixed_network` (String) Fixed network id
- `fixed_subnet` (String) Fixed subnet id
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable public v6 address
- `is_public` (Boolean) Cluster is public
- `keypair` (String) Keypair
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `name` (String) Name
- `pods_ip_pool` (String) The IP pool for the pods
- `pods_ipv6_pool` (String) The IPv6 pool for the pods
- `pools` (Attributes List) pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools))
- `services_ip_pool` (String) The IP pool for the services
- `services_ipv6_pool` (String) The IPv6 pool for the services
- `status` (String) Status
Available values: "Deleting", "Provisioned", "Provisioning".
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `version` (String) K8s version

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Read-Only:

- `slurm` (Attributes) Slurm add-on configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons--slurm))

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons--slurm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons.slurm`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Slurm add-on is deployed in the cluster.

This add-on is only supported in clusters running Kubernetes v1.31 and v1.32 with at least 1 GPU cluster pool.
- `file_share_id` (String) ID of a VAST file share used as Slurm storage.

The Slurm add-on creates separate Persistent Volume Claims for different purposes (controller spool, worker spool, jail) on that file share.
- `ssh_key_ids` (List of String) IDs of SSH keys authorized for SSH connection to Slurm login nodes.
- `worker_count` (Number) Size of the worker pool, i.e. number of worker nodes.

Each Slurm worker node is backed by a Pod scheduled on one of cluster's GPU nodes.



<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Read-Only:

- `kubeconfig_created_at` (String) Kubeconfig creation date
- `kubeconfig_expires_at` (String) Kubeconfig expiration date
- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDC authentication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oidc))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oidc`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID
- `groups_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user's group
- `groups_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to group claims
- `issuer_url` (String) Issuer URL
- `required_claims` (Map of String) Key-value pairs that describe required claims in the token
- `signing_algs` (List of String) Accepted signing algorithms
- `username_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user name
- `username_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to username claims to prevent clashes



<a id="nestedatt--cni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni`

Read-Only:

- `cilium` (Attributes) Cilium settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cni--cilium))
- `cloud_k8s_cluster_provider` (String) CNI provider
Available values: "calico", "cilium".

<a id="nestedatt--cni--cilium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni.cilium`

Read-Only:

- `encryption` (Boolean) Wireguard encryption
- `hubble_relay` (Boolean) Hubble Relay
- `hubble_ui` (Boolean) Hubble UI
- `lb_acceleration` (Boolean) LoadBalancer acceleration
- `lb_mode` (String) LoadBalancer mode
Available values: "dsr", "hybrid", "snat".
- `mask_size` (Number) Mask size for IPv4
- `mask_size_v6` (Number) Mask size for IPv6
- `routing_mode` (String) Routing mode
Available values: "native", "tunnel".
- `tunnel` (String) CNI provider
Available values: "", "geneve", "vxlan".



<a id="nestedatt--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `csi`

Read-Only:

- `nfs` (Attributes) NFS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--csi--nfs))

<a id="nestedatt--csi--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `csi.nfs`

Read-Only:

- `vast_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the status of VAST NFS integration



<a id="nestedatt--ddos_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddos_profile`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced DDoS protection
- `fields` (Attributes List) DDoS profile parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddos_profile--fields))
- `profile_template` (Number) DDoS profile template ID
- `profile_template_name` (String) DDoS profile template name

<a id="nestedatt--ddos_profile--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddos_profile.fields`

Read-Only:

- `base_field` (Number)
- `field_value` (String) Complex value. Only one of 'value' or '`field_value`' must be specified
- `value` (String) Basic value. Only one of 'value' or '`field_value`' must be specified



<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Read-Only:

- `destination_region_id` (Number) ID of the region in which the logs will be stored
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if log streaming is enabled or disabled
- `retention_policy` (Attributes) Logs retention policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging--retention_policy))
- `topic_name` (String) The topic name to stream logs to

<a id="nestedatt--logging--retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging.retention_policy`

Read-Only:

- `period` (Number) Duration of days for which logs must be kept.



<a id="nestedatt--pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools`

Read-Only:

- `auto_healing_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the status of auto healing
- `boot_volume_size` (Number) Size of the boot volume
- `boot_volume_type` (String) Type of the boot volume
- `created_at` (String) Date of function creation
- `crio_config` (Map of String) Crio configuration for pool nodes
- `flavor_id` (String) ID of the cluster pool flavor
- `id` (String) UUID of the cluster pool
- `is_public_ipv4` (Boolean) Indicates if the pool is public
- `kubelet_config` (Map of String) Kubelet configuration for pool nodes
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels applied to the cluster pool
- `max_node_count` (Number) Maximum node count in the cluster pool
- `min_node_count` (Number) Minimum node count in the cluster pool
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster pool
- `node_count` (Number) Node count in the cluster pool
- `servergroup_id` (String) Server group ID
- `servergroup_name` (String) Server group name
- `servergroup_policy` (String) Anti-affinity, affinity or soft-anti-affinity server group policy
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster pool
- `taints` (Map of String) Taints applied to the cluster pool
