---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_security_groups Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_cloud_security_groups (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_security_groups" "example_cloud_security_groups" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  tag_key = ["my-tag"]
  tag_key_value = "tag_key_value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys.
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs. Must be a valid JSON string.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the security group was created
- `description` (String) Security group description
- `id` (String) Security group ID
- `name` (String) Security group name
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `revision_number` (Number) The number of revisions
- `security_group_rules` (Attributes List) Security group rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--security_group_rules))
- `tags_v2` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags_v2))
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the security group was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--security_group_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.security_group_rules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the rule was created
- `description` (String) Rule description
- `direction` (String) Ingress or egress, which is the direction in which the security group rule is applied
Available values: "egress", "ingress".
- `ethertype` (String) Must be IPv4 or IPv6, and addresses represented in CIDR must match the ingress or egress rules.
Available values: "IPv4", "IPv6".
- `id` (String) The ID of the security group rule
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `protocol` (String) Protocol
Available values: "ah", "any", "dccp", "egp", "esp", "gre", "icmp", "igmp", "ipencap", "ipip", "ipv6-encap", "ipv6-frag", "ipv6-icmp", "ipv6-nonxt", "ipv6-opts", "ipv6-route", "ospf", "pgm", "rsvp", "sctp", "tcp", "udp", "udplite", "vrrp".
- `remote_group_id` (String) The remote group UUID to associate with this security group rule
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix that is matched by this security group rule
- `revision_number` (Number) The revision number of the resource
- `security_group_id` (String) The security group ID to associate with this security group rule
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the rule was last updated


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags_v2`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. The maximum size for a key is 255 characters.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. The maximum size for a value is 255 characters.
