---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_instances Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Instances are cloud virtual machines with configurable CPU, memory, storage, and networking, supporting various operating systems and workloads.
---

# gcore_cloud_instances (Data Source)

Instances are cloud virtual machines with configurable CPU, memory, storage, and networking, supporting various operating systems and workloads.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_instances" "example_cloud_instances" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  available_floating = true
  changes_before = "2025-10-01T12:00:00Z"
  changes_since = "2025-10-01T12:00:00Z"
  exclude_flavor_prefix = "g1-"
  exclude_secgroup = "secgroup_name"
  flavor_id = "g2-standard-32-64"
  flavor_prefix = "g2-"
  ip = "192.168.0.1"
  name = "name"
  only_with_fixed_external_ip = true
  profile_name = "profile_name"
  protection_status = "Active"
  status = "ACTIVE"
  tag_key_value = "tag_key_value"
  tag_value = ["value1", "value2"]
  type_ddos_profile = "advanced"
  uuid = "b5b4d65d-945f-4b98-ab6f-332319c724ef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `available_floating` (Boolean) Only show instances which are able to handle floating address
- `changes_before` (String) Filters the instances by a date and time stamp when the instances last changed.
- `changes_since` (String) Filters the instances by a date and time stamp when the instances last changed status.
- `exclude_flavor_prefix` (String) Exclude instances with specified flavor prefix
- `exclude_secgroup` (String) Exclude instances with specified security group name
- `flavor_id` (String) Filter out instances by `flavor_id`. Flavor id must match exactly.
- `flavor_prefix` (String) Filter out instances by `flavor_prefix`.
- `include_ai` (Boolean, Deprecated) Include GPU clusters' servers
- `include_baremetal` (Boolean, Deprecated) Include bare metal servers. Please, use `GET /v1/bminstances/` instead
- `include_k8s` (Boolean) Include managed k8s worker nodes
- `ip` (String) An IPv4 address to filter results by. Note: partial matches are allowed. For example, searching for 192.168.0.1 will return 192.168.0.1, 192.168.0.10, 192.168.0.110, and so on.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (String) Filter instances by name. You can provide a full or partial name, instances with matching names will be returned. For example, entering 'test' will return all instances that contain 'test' in their name.
- `only_isolated` (Boolean) Include only isolated instances
- `only_with_fixed_external_ip` (Boolean) Return bare metals only with external fixed IP addresses.
- `order_by` (String) Order by field and direction.
Available values: "created.asc", "created.desc", "name.asc", "name.desc", "status.asc", "status.desc".
- `profile_name` (String) Filter result by ddos protection profile name. Effective only with `with_ddos` set to true.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `protection_status` (String) Filter result by DDoS `protection_status`. if parameter is provided. Effective only with `with_ddos` set to true. (Active, Queued or Error)
Available values: "Active", "Queued", "Error".
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `status` (String) Filters instances by status.
Available values: "ACTIVE", "BUILD", "ERROR", "HARD_REBOOT", "MIGRATING", "PAUSED", "REBOOT", "REBUILD", "RESIZE", "REVERT_RESIZE", "SHELVED", "SHELVED_OFFLOADED", "SHUTOFF", "SOFT_DELETED", "SUSPENDED", "VERIFY_RESIZE".
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.
- `tag_value` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag values. ?`tag_value`=value1&`tag_value`=value2
- `type_ddos_profile` (String) Return bare metals either only with advanced or only basic DDoS protection. Effective only with `with_ddos` set to true. (advanced or basic)
Available values: "basic", "advanced".
- `uuid` (String) Filter the server list result by the UUID of the server. Allowed UUID part
- `with_ddos` (Boolean) Include DDoS profile information in the response when set to `true`. Otherwise, the `ddos_profile` field in the response is `null` by default.
- `with_interfaces_name` (Boolean) Include `interface_name` in the addresses

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Map of List of Object) Map of `network_name` to list of addresses in that network
- `blackhole_ports` (Attributes List) IP addresses of the instances that are blackholed by DDoS mitigation system (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--blackhole_ports))
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when instance was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `ddos_profile` (Attributes) Advanced DDoS protection profile. It is always `null` if query parameter `with_ddos=true` is not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile))
- `fixed_ip_assignments` (Attributes List) Fixed IP assigned to instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments))
- `flavor` (Attributes) Flavor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--flavor))
- `id` (String) Instance ID
- `instance_description` (String) Instance description
- `instance_isolation` (Attributes) Instance isolation information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--instance_isolation))
- `name` (String) Instance name
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) Security groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--security_groups))
- `ssh_key_name` (String) SSH key assigned to instance
- `status` (String) Instance status
Available values: "ACTIVE", "BUILD", "DELETED", "ERROR", "HARD_REBOOT", "MIGRATING", "PASSWORD", "PAUSED", "REBOOT", "REBUILD", "RESCUE", "RESIZE", "REVERT_RESIZE", "SHELVED", "SHELVED_OFFLOADED", "SHUTOFF", "SOFT_DELETED", "SUSPENDED", "UNKNOWN", "VERIFY_RESIZE".
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `task_state` (String) Task state
- `vm_state` (String) Virtual machine state (active)
Available values: "active", "building", "deleted", "error", "paused", "rescued", "resized", "shelved", "shelved_offloaded", "soft-deleted", "stopped", "suspended".
- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--items--blackhole_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.blackhole_ports`

Read-Only:

- `alarm_end` (String) A date-time string giving the time that the alarm ended. If not yet ended, time will be given as 0001-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `alarm_start` (String) A date-time string giving the time that the alarm started
- `alarm_state` (String) Current state of alarm
Available values: "ACK_REQ", "ALARM", "ARCHIVED", "CLEAR", "CLEARING", "CLEARING_FAIL", "END_GRACE", "END_WAIT", "MANUAL_CLEAR", "MANUAL_CLEARING", "MANUAL_CLEARING_FAIL", "MANUAL_MITIGATING", "MANUAL_STARTING", "MANUAL_STARTING_FAIL", "MITIGATING", "STARTING", "STARTING_FAIL", "START_WAIT", "ack_req", "alarm", "archived", "clear", "clearing", "clearing_fail", "end_grace", "end_wait", "manual_clear", "manual_clearing", "manual_clearing_fail", "manual_mitigating", "manual_starting", "manual_starting_fail", "mitigating", "start_wait", "starting", "starting_fail".
- `alert_duration` (String) Total alert duration
- `destination_ip` (String) Notification destination IP address
- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configured field values for the protection profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--fields))
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection profile
- `options` (Attributes) Configuration options controlling profile activation and BGP routing (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--options))
- `profile_template` (Attributes) Complete template configuration data used for this profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template))
- `profile_template_description` (String) Detailed description of the protection template used for this profile
- `protocols` (Attributes List) List of network protocols and ports configured for protection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--protocols))
- `site` (String) Geographic site identifier where the protection is deployed
- `status` (Attributes) Current operational status and any error information for the profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.fields`

Read-Only:

- `base_field` (Number) ID of DDoS profile field
- `default` (String) Predefined default value for the field if not specified
- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the field's purpose and usage guidelines
- `field_name` (String) Name of DDoS profile field
- `field_type` (String) Data type classification of the field (e.g., string, integer, array)
- `field_value` (String) Complex value. Only one of 'value' or 'field_value' must be specified.
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection field
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection field
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether this field must be provided when creating a protection profile
- `validation_schema` (String) JSON schema defining validation rules and constraints for the field value
- `value` (String) Basic type value. Only one of 'value' or 'field_value' must be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.options`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Controls whether the DDoS protection profile is enabled and actively protecting the resource
- `bgp` (Boolean) Enables Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing for DDoS protection traffic


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.profile_template`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the template's purpose and use cases
- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configurable fields that define the template's protection parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template--fields))
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection template
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection template

<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--profile_template--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.profile_template.name`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Predefined default value for the field if not specified
- `description` (String) Detailed description explaining the field's purpose and usage guidelines
- `field_type` (String) Data type classification of the field (e.g., string, integer, array)
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the DDoS protection field
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the protection field
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether this field must be provided when creating a protection profile
- `validation_schema` (String) JSON schema defining validation rules and constraints for the field value



<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Network port number for which protocols are configured
- `protocols` (List of String) List of network protocols enabled on the specified port


<a id="nestedatt--items--ddos_profile--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ddos_profile.status`

Read-Only:

- `error_description` (String) Detailed error message describing any issues with the profile operation
- `status` (String) Current operational status of the DDoS protection profile



<a id="nestedatt--items--fixed_ip_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.fixed_ip_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `external` (Boolean) Is network external
- `ip_address` (String) Ip address
- `subnet_id` (String) Interface subnet id


<a id="nestedatt--items--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.flavor`

Read-Only:

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture
- `flavor_id` (String) Flavor ID is the same as name
- `flavor_name` (String) Flavor name
- `hardware_description` (Attributes) Additional hardware description (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--flavor--hardware_description))
- `os_type` (String) Flavor operating system
- `ram` (Number) RAM size in MiB
- `resource_class` (String) Flavor resource class for mapping to hardware capacity
- `vcpus` (Number) Virtual CPU count. For bare metal flavors, it's a physical CPU count

<a id="nestedatt--items--flavor--hardware_description"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.flavor.hardware_description`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (String) Human-readable CPU description
- `disk` (String) Human-readable disk description
- `gpu` (String) Human-readable GPU description
- `license` (String) If the flavor is licensed, this field contains the license type
- `network` (String) Human-readable NIC description
- `ram` (String) RAM description
- `vcpus` (String) CPU description



<a id="nestedatt--items--instance_isolation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.instance_isolation`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) The reason of instance isolation if it is isolated from external internet.


<a id="nestedatt--items--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.


<a id="nestedatt--items--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.volumes`

Read-Only:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Whether the volume is deleted together with the VM
- `id` (String) Volume ID
