---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip Data Source - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.
---

# gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip (Data Source)

Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "example_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
  port_id = "port_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `port_id` (String)

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Attributes List) Group of subnet masks and/or IP addresses that share the current IP as VIP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs))
- `attachments` (Attributes List) Reserved fixed IP attachment entities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `fixed_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `is_external` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP belongs to a public network
- `is_vip` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP is a VIP
- `name` (String) Reserved fixed IP name
- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network the port is attached to
- `region` (String) Region name
- `reservation` (Attributes) Reserved fixed IP status with resource type and ID it is attached to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reservation))
- `status` (String) Underlying port status
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that owns the IP address
- `subnet_v6_id` (String) ID of the subnet that owns the IPv6 address
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_address_pairs`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) Subnet mask or IP address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`


<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the network was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `default` (Boolean) True if network has `is_default` attribute
- `external` (Boolean) True if the network `router:external` attribute
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `mtu` (Number) MTU (maximum transmission unit). Default value is 1450
- `name` (String) Network name
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates `port_security_enabled` status of all newly created in the network ports.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `segmentation_id` (Number) Id of network segment
- `shared` (Boolean) True when the network is shared with your project by external owner
- `subnets` (List of String) List of subnetworks
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network--tags))
- `type` (String) Network type (vlan, vxlan)
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the network was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--network--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.



<a id="nestedatt--reservation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reservation`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the instance or load balancer the IP is attached to
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of the resource the IP is attached to
- `status` (String) IP reservation status
