---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_network_subnets Data Source - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Subnets define IP address ranges within a network for instance connectivity, with support for DHCP and DNS configuration.
---

# gcore_cloud_network_subnets (Data Source)

Subnets define IP address ranges within a network for instance connectivity, with support for DHCP and DNS configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gcore_cloud_network_subnets" "example_cloud_network_subnets" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  network_id = "b30d0de7-bca2-4c83-9c57-9e645bd2cc92"
  tag_key = ["key1", "key2"]
  tag_key_value = "tag_key_value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `network_id` (String) Only list subnets of this network
- `order_by` (String) Ordering subnets list result by `name`, `created_at`, `updated_at`, `available_ips`, `total_ips`, and `cidr` (default) fields of the subnet and directions (`name.asc`).
Available values: "available_ips.asc", "available_ips.desc", "cidr.asc", "cidr.desc", "created_at.asc", "created_at.desc", "name.asc", "name.desc", "total_ips.asc", "total_ips.desc", "updated_at.asc", "updated_at.desc".
- `owned_by` (String) Controls which subnets are returned. 'project' (default) returns only subnets owned by the project. 'any' returns all subnets from networks available to the project, including subnets from shared networks.
Available values: "any", "project".
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `tag_key` (List of String) Optional. Filter by tag keys. ?`tag_key`=key1&`tag_key`=key2
- `tag_key_value` (String) Optional. Filter by tag key-value pairs.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `available_ips` (Number) Number of available ips in subnet
- `cidr` (String) CIDR
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the subnet was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) List IP addresses of a DNS resolver reachable from the network
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) True if DHCP should be enabled
- `gateway_ip` (String) Default GW IPv4 address, advertised in DHCP routes of this subnet. If null, no gateway is advertised by this subnet.
- `has_router` (Boolean, Deprecated) Deprecated. Always returns `false`.
- `host_routes` (Attributes List) List of custom static routes to advertise via DHCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--host_routes))
- `id` (String) Subnet id.
- `ip_version` (Number) IP version
Available values: 4, 6.
- `name` (String) Subnet name
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `total_ips` (Number) Total number of ips in subnet
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the subnet was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--host_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.host_routes`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) CIDR of destination IPv4 subnet.
- `nexthop` (String) IPv4 address to forward traffic to if it's destination IP matches 'destination' CIDR.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
