---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_file_share Data Source - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about a file share (NFS) in Gcore Cloud.
---

# gcore_file_share (Data Source)

Get information about a file share (NFS) in Gcore Cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider gcore {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Luxembourg-2"
}

data "gcore_file_share" "standard" {
  name       = "tf-file-share-standard"
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.gcore_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.gcore_file_share.standard
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the file share. It must be unique within the project and region.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `project_name` (String) Project name, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID, only one of region_id or region_name should be set
- `region_name` (String) Region name, only one of region_id or region_name should be set

### Read-Only

- `connection_point` (String) The connection point of the file share.
- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the file share in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network to which the file share will be connected.
- `network_name` (String) The name of the network associated with the file share.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used by the file share. Currently, only 'NFS' is supported.
- `share_network_name` (String) The name of the share network associated with the file share. This is only applicable for 'standard'.
- `size` (Number) The size of the file share in GB. It must be a positive integer.
- `status` (String) The status of the file share.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet within the network. This is optional and can be used to specify a particular subnet for the file share.
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet associated with the file share
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with the file share. Tags are key-value pairs.
- `type_name` (String) The type of the file share (standard or vast).
