---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_lbpool Data Source - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gcore_lbpool (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider gcore {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Luxembourg-2"
}

data "gcore_lbpool" "pool" {
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id

  name       = "test-pool"
}

output "view" {
  value = data.gcore_lbpool.pool
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the load balancer pool.

### Optional

- `listener_id` (String) ID of the load balancer listener to which pool was attached.
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) ID of the load balancer to which pool was attached.
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the project in which load balancer pool was created.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project in which load balancer pool was created.
- `region_id` (Number) ID of the region in which load balancer pool was created.
- `region_name` (String) Name of the region in which load balancer pool was created.

### Read-Only

- `health_monitor` (List of Object) Health Monitor settings for defining health state of members inside this pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_monitor))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lb_algorithm` (String) Available values is 'ROUND_ROBIN', 'LEAST_CONNECTIONS', 'SOURCE_IP', 'SOURCE_IP_PORT'
- `protocol` (String) Available values are 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', 'TCP', 'UDP', 'PROXY'
- `session_persistence` (List of Object) Pool session persistence tells the load balancer to attempt to send future requests from a client to the same backend member as the initial request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--session_persistence))

<a id="nestedatt--health_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_monitor`

Read-Only:

- `delay` (Number)
- `expected_codes` (String)
- `http_method` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `max_retries` (Number)
- `max_retries_down` (Number)
- `timeout` (Number)
- `type` (String)
- `url_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_persistence`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_name` (String)
- `persistence_granularity` (String)
- `persistence_timeout` (Number)
- `type` (String)
