---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_postgres_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about a PostgreSQL cluster in Gcore Cloud.
---

# gcore_postgres_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a PostgreSQL cluster in Gcore Cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider gcore {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Luxembourg Preprod"
}

data "gcore_postgres_cluster" "postgres_cluster" {
  name       = "poliveira-db"
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
}

output "postgres_cluster" {
  value = data.gcore_postgres_cluster.postgres_cluster
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL cluster. It must be unique within the project and region.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `project_name` (String) Project name, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID, only one of region_id or region_name should be set
- `region_name` (String) Region name, only one of region_id or region_name should be set

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Cluster creation date.
- `database` (Set of Object) List of databases in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `flavor` (List of Object) Flavor of the cluster instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `ha_replication_mode` (String) Replication mode. Possible values are `async` and `sync`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `network` (List of Object) Network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `pg_config` (List of Object) PostgreSQL cluster configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pg_config))
- `status` (String) Current status of the cluster.
- `storage` (List of Object) Storage configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `user` (Set of Object) List of users in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `memory` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (Set of String)
- `connection_string` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `network_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--pg_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_config`

Read-Only:

- `pg_conf` (String)
- `pooler_mode` (String)
- `pooler_type` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `is_secret_revealed` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `role_attributes` (Set of String)
