---
page_title: "gcore_cloud_load_balancer_listener Resource - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Load balancer listeners handle incoming traffic on specified protocols and ports, forwarding requests to backend pools.
---

# gcore_cloud_load_balancer_listener (Resource)

Load balancer listeners handle incoming traffic on specified protocols and ports, forwarding requests to backend pools.

## Example Usage

### TCP listener on port 80

Creates a basic TCP listener on port 80.

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_load_balancer_listener" "tcp_80" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  load_balancer_id = gcore_cloud_load_balancer.lb.id

  name          = "tcp-80"
  protocol      = "TCP"
  protocol_port = 80
}
```

### Prometheus metrics listener

Creates a Prometheus listener on port 9101 restricted to a private network with basic auth.

```terraform
resource "random_password" "prometheus_password" {
  length           = 16
  special          = true
  override_special = "!#$%&*()-_=+[]{}<>:?"
}

resource "gcore_cloud_load_balancer_listener" "prometheus_9101" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  load_balancer_id = gcore_cloud_load_balancer.lb.id

  name          = "prometheus-9101"
  protocol      = "PROMETHEUS"
  protocol_port = 9101
  allowed_cidrs = ["10.0.0.0/8"] # allow access only from private network

  user_list = [{
    username           = "admin1"
    encrypted_password = random_password.prometheus_password.bcrypt_hash
  }]
}

output "prometheus_password" {
  value     = random_password.prometheus_password.result
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `load_balancer_id` (String) ID of already existent Load Balancer.
- `name` (String) Load balancer listener name
- `protocol` (String) Load balancer listener protocol
Available values: "HTTP", "HTTPS", "PROMETHEUS", "TCP", "TERMINATED_HTTPS", "UDP".
- `protocol_port` (Number) Protocol port

### Optional

- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Administrative state of the resource. When set to true, the resource is enabled and operational. When set to false, the resource is disabled and will not process traffic. Defaults to true.
- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) Network CIDRs from which service will be accessible
- `connection_limit` (Number) Limit of the simultaneous connections. If -1 is provided, it is translated to the default value 100000.
- `default_pool_id` (String) ID of already existent Load Balancer Pool to attach listener to.
- `insert_x_forwarded` (Boolean) Add headers X-Forwarded-For, X-Forwarded-Port, X-Forwarded-Proto to requests. Only used with HTTP or `TERMINATED_HTTPS` protocols.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `secret_id` (String) ID of the secret where PKCS12 file is stored for `TERMINATED_HTTPS` or PROMETHEUS listener
Available values: "".
- `sni_secret_id` (List of String) List of secrets IDs containing PKCS12 format certificate/key bundles for `TERMINATED_HTTPS` or PROMETHEUS listeners
- `timeout_client_data` (Number) Frontend client inactivity timeout in milliseconds
- `user_list` (Attributes List) Load balancer listener list of username and encrypted password items (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_list))

### Read-Only

- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `insert_headers` (String) Dictionary of additional header insertion into HTTP headers. Only used with HTTP and `TERMINATED_HTTPS` protocols.
- `operating_status` (String) Listener operating status
Available values: "DEGRADED", "DRAINING", "ERROR", "NO_MONITOR", "OFFLINE", "ONLINE".
- `pool_count` (Number) Number of pools (for UI)
- `provisioning_status` (String) Listener lifecycle status
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DELETED", "ERROR", "PENDING_CREATE", "PENDING_DELETE", "PENDING_UPDATE".
- `stats` (Attributes) Statistics of the load balancer. It is available only in get functions by a flag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stats))

<a id="nestedatt--user_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_list`

Required:

- `encrypted_password` (String) Encrypted password to auth via Basic Authentication
- `username` (String) Username to auth via Basic Authentication


<a id="nestedatt--stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stats`

Read-Only:

- `active_connections` (Number) Currently active connections
- `bytes_in` (Number) Total bytes received
- `bytes_out` (Number) Total bytes sent
- `request_errors` (Number) Total requests that were unable to be fulfilled
- `total_connections` (Number) Total connections handled


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_load_balancer_listener.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<listener_id>'
```

