---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_ssh_key Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SSH key pairs provide secure authentication to cloud instances, supporting both generated and imported public keys.
---

# gcore_cloud_ssh_key (Resource)

SSH key pairs provide secure authentication to cloud instances, supporting both generated and imported public keys.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_ssh_key" "example_cloud_ssh_key" {
  project_id = 1
  name = "my-ssh-key"
  public_key = "ssh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIIjxL6g1II8NsO8odvBwGKvq2Dx/h/xrvsV9b9LVIYKm my-username@my-hostname"
  shared_in_project = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) SSH key name
- `public_key` (String) The public part of an SSH key is the shareable portion of an SSH key pair. It can be safely sent to servers or services to grant access. It does not contain sensitive information.
- If you’re uploading your own key, provide the public part here (usually found in a file like `id_ed25519.pub`).
- If you want the platform to generate an Ed25519 key pair for you, leave this field empty — the system will return the private key in the response **once only**.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `shared_in_project` (Boolean) SSH key is shared with all users in the project

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) SSH key creation time
- `fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint
- `id` (String) SSH key ID
- `private_key` (String) The private part of an SSH key is the confidential portion of the key pair. It should never be shared or exposed. This key is used to prove your identity when connecting to a server. 

If you omit the `public_key`, the platform will generate a key for you. The `private_key` will be returned **once** in the API response. Be sure to save it securely, as it cannot be retrieved again later. 

Best practice: Save the private key to a secure location on your machine (e.g., `~/.ssh/id_ed25519`) and set the file permissions to be readable only by you.
- `state` (String) SSH key state
Available values: "ACTIVE", "DELETING".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_ssh_key.example '<project_id>/<ssh_key_id>'
```
