---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_file_share Resource - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  File shares provide NFS-based shared storage that can be mounted by virtual machines and Kubernetes clusters for persistent data.
---

# gcore_cloud_file_share (Resource)

File shares provide NFS-based shared storage that can be mounted by virtual machines and Kubernetes clusters for persistent data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_file_share" "example_cloud_file_share" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  name = "test-share-file-system"
  network = {
    network_id = "024a29e9-b4b7-4c91-9a46-505be123d9f8"
    subnet_id = "91200a6c-07e0-42aa-98da-32d1f6545ae7"
  }
  protocol = "NFS"
  size = 5
  access = [{
    access_mode = "ro"
    ip_address = "10.0.0.1"
  }]
  tags = {
    my-tag = "my-tag-value"
  }
  type_name = "standard"
  volume_type = "default_share_type"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) File share name
- `protocol` (String) File share protocol
Available values: "NFS".
- `size` (Number) File share size in GiB

### Optional

- `access` (Attributes List) Access Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `network` (Attributes) File share network configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `share_settings` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the share (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--share_settings))
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags to associate with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Both tag keys and values have a maximum length of 255 characters. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values.
- `type_name` (String) Standard file share type
Available values: "standard", "vast".
- `volume_type` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Use `type_name` instead.
Available values: "default_share_type", "vast_share_type".

### Read-Only

- `connection_point` (String) Connection point. Can be null during File share creation
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the file share was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID.
- `network_name` (String) Network name.
- `region` (String) Region name
- `share_network_name` (String) Share network name. May be null if the file share was created with volume type VAST
- `status` (String) File share status
Available values: "available", "awaiting_transfer", "backup_creating", "backup_restoring", "backup_restoring_error", "creating", "creating_from_snapshot", "deleted", "deleting", "ensuring", "error", "error_deleting", "extending", "extending_error", "inactive", "manage_error", "manage_starting", "migrating", "migrating_to", "replication_change", "reverting", "reverting_error", "shrinking", "shrinking_error", "shrinking_possible_data_loss_error", "unmanage_error", "unmanage_starting", "unmanaged".
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name.
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `tasks` (List of String) List of task IDs representing asynchronous operations. Use these IDs to monitor operation progress:
- `GET /v1/tasks/{task_id}` - Check individual task status and details
Poll task status until completion (`FINISHED`/`ERROR`) before proceeding with dependent operations.

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Required:

- `access_mode` (String) Access mode
Available values: "ro", "rw".
- `ip_address` (String) Source IP or network


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) Network ID.

Optional:

- `subnet_id` (String) Subnetwork ID. If the subnet is not selected, it will be selected automatically.


<a id="nestedatt--share_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_settings`

Optional:

- `allowed_characters` (String) Determines which characters are allowed in file names. Choose between:
- Lowest Common Denominator (LCD), allows only characters allowed by all VAST Cluster-supported protocols
- Native Protocol Limit (NPL), imposes no limitation beyond that of the client protocol.
Available values: "LCD", "NPL".
- `path_length` (String) Affects the maximum limit of file path component name length. Choose between:
- Lowest Common Denominator (LCD), imposes the lowest common denominator file length limit of all VAST Cluster-supported protocols. With this (default) option, the limitation on the length of a single component of the path is 255 characters
- Native Protocol Limit (NPL), imposes no limitation beyond that of the client protocol.
Available values: "LCD", "NPL".
- `root_squash` (Boolean) Enables or disables root squash for NFS clients.
- If `true` (default), root squash is enabled: the root user is mapped to nobody for all file and folder management operations on the export.
- If `false`, root squash is disabled: the NFS client `root` user retains root privileges. Use this option if you trust the root user not to perform operations that will corrupt data.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_file_share.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<file_share_id>'
```
