---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_security_group Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Security groups act as virtual firewalls controlling inbound and outbound traffic for instances and other resources.
---

# gcore_cloud_security_group (Resource)

Security groups act as virtual firewalls controlling inbound and outbound traffic for instances and other resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_security_group" "example_cloud_security_group" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  name = "my_security_group"
  description = "My security group description"
  rules = [{
    direction = "ingress"
    description = "Some description"
    ethertype = "IPv4"
    port_range_max = 80
    port_range_min = 80
    protocol = "tcp"
    remote_group_id = "00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"
    remote_ip_prefix = "10.0.0.0/8"
  }]
  tags = {
    my-tag = "my-tag-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Security group name

### Optional

- `description` (String) Security group description
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `rules` (Attributes List) Security group rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags to associate with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Both tag keys and values have a maximum length of 255 characters. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the security group was created
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `region` (String) Region name
- `revision_number` (Number) The number of revisions
- `security_group_rules` (Attributes List) Security group rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group_rules))
- `tags_v2` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags_v2))
- `tasks` (List of String) List of task IDs representing asynchronous operations. Use these IDs to monitor operation progress:
- `GET /v1/tasks/{task_id}` - Check individual task status and details
Poll task status until completion (`FINISHED`/`ERROR`) before proceeding with dependent operations.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the security group was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `direction` (String) Ingress or egress, which is the direction in which the security group is applied
Available values: "egress", "ingress".

Optional:

- `description` (String) Rule description
- `ethertype` (String) Ether type
Available values: "IPv4", "IPv6".
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `protocol` (String) Protocol
Available values: "ah", "any", "dccp", "egp", "esp", "gre", "icmp", "igmp", "ipencap", "ipip", "ipv6-encap", "ipv6-frag", "ipv6-icmp", "ipv6-nonxt", "ipv6-opts", "ipv6-route", "ospf", "pgm", "rsvp", "sctp", "tcp", "udp", "udplite", "vrrp".
- `remote_group_id` (String) The remote group UUID to associate with this security group
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix that is matched by this security group rule


<a id="nestedatt--security_group_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group_rules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the rule was created
- `description` (String) Rule description
- `direction` (String) Ingress or egress, which is the direction in which the security group rule is applied
Available values: "egress", "ingress".
- `ethertype` (String) Must be IPv4 or IPv6, and addresses represented in CIDR must match the ingress or egress rules.
Available values: "IPv4", "IPv6".
- `id` (String) The ID of the security group rule
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `protocol` (String) Protocol
Available values: "ah", "any", "dccp", "egp", "esp", "gre", "icmp", "igmp", "ipencap", "ipip", "ipv6-encap", "ipv6-frag", "ipv6-icmp", "ipv6-nonxt", "ipv6-opts", "ipv6-route", "ospf", "pgm", "rsvp", "sctp", "tcp", "udp", "udplite", "vrrp".
- `remote_group_id` (String) The remote group UUID to associate with this security group rule
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix that is matched by this security group rule
- `revision_number` (Number) The revision number of the resource
- `security_group_id` (String) The security group ID to associate with this security group rule
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the rule was last updated


<a id="nestedatt--tags_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags_v2`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_security_group.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<group_id>'
```
