---
page_title: "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.
---

# gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip (Resource)

Reserved fixed IPs are static IP addresses that persist independently of instances and can be used as virtual IPs (VIPs) for high availability.

## Example Usage

### Reserve an external IP address

Reserves a public (external) IP address.

```terraform
# Reserve an external (public) IP address
resource "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "external" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  type   = "external"
  is_vip = false
}
```

### Reserve a private IP in any subnet

Reserves a private IP in any available subnet of a network.

```terraform
# Reserve a private IP in any available subnet of the network
resource "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "in_any_subnet" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  type       = "any_subnet"
  network_id = gcore_cloud_network.private_network.id

  is_vip = false
}
```

### Reserve a private IP in a specific subnet

Reserves a private IP in a specific subnet of a network.

```terraform
# Reserve a private IP in a specific subnet
resource "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "in_subnet" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  type       = "subnet"
  network_id = gcore_cloud_network.private_network.id
  subnet_id  = gcore_cloud_network_subnet.private_subnet_0.id

  is_vip = false
}
```

### Reserve a specific IP address

Reserves a specific IP address in a subnet.

```terraform
# Reserve a specific IP address in a subnet
resource "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "specific_ip" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  type       = "ip_address"
  network_id = gcore_cloud_network.private_network.id
  subnet_id  = gcore_cloud_network_subnet.private_subnet_0.id
  ip_address = "172.16.0.254"

  is_vip = false
}
```

### Reserve an existing port

Reserves an existing port, such as a load balancer VIP port.

```terraform
# Reserve an existing port (e.g., from a load balancer VIP)
resource "gcore_cloud_load_balancer" "lb" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  name       = "my-load-balancer"
  flavor     = "lb1-1-2"
}

resource "gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip" "from_port" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1

  type    = "port"
  port_id = gcore_cloud_load_balancer.lb.vip_port_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) Must be 'external'
Available values: "external", "subnet", "any_subnet", "ip_address", "port".

### Optional

- `ip_address` (String) Reserved fixed IP will be allocated the given IP address
- `ip_family` (String) Which subnets should be selected: IPv4, IPv6 or use dual stack.
Available values: "dual", "ipv4", "ipv6".
- `is_vip` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP is a VIP
- `network_id` (String) Reserved fixed IP will be allocated in a subnet of this network
- `port_id` (String) Port ID to make a reserved fixed IP (for example, `vip_port_id` of the Load Balancer entity).
- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)
- `subnet_id` (String) Reserved fixed IP will be allocated in this subnet

### Read-Only

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Attributes List) Group of subnet masks and/or IP addresses that share the current IP as VIP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs))
- `attachments` (Attributes List) Reserved fixed IP attachment entities (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) IPv4 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `fixed_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the reserved fixed IP
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_external` (Boolean) If reserved fixed IP belongs to a public network
- `name` (String) Reserved fixed IP name
- `network` (Attributes) Network details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `region` (String) Region name
- `reservation` (Attributes) Reserved fixed IP status with resource type and ID it is attached to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reservation))
- `status` (String) Underlying port status
- `subnet_v6_id` (String) ID of the subnet that owns the IPv6 address
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the reserved fixed IP was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_address_pairs`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) Subnet mask or IP address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the port specified in `allowed_address_pairs`


<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the network was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `default` (Boolean) True if network has `is_default` attribute
- `external` (Boolean) True if the network `router:external` attribute
- `id` (String) Network ID
- `mtu` (Number) MTU (maximum transmission unit). Default value is 1450
- `name` (String) Network name
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates `port_security_enabled` status of all newly created in the network ports.
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region` (String) Region name
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `segmentation_id` (Number) Id of network segment
- `shared` (Boolean) True when the network is shared with your project by external owner
- `subnets` (List of String) List of subnetworks
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of key-value tags associated with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network--tags))
- `type` (String) Network type (vlan, vxlan)
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the network was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--network--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If true, the tag is read-only and cannot be modified by the user
- `value` (String) Tag value. Maximum 255 characters. Cannot contain spaces, tabs, newlines, empty string or '=' character.



<a id="nestedatt--reservation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reservation`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the instance or load balancer the IP is attached to
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of the resource the IP is attached to
- `status` (String) IP reservation status


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_reserved_fixed_ip.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<port_id>'
```

