---
page_title: "gcore_cloud_gpu_virtual_cluster Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GPU virtual clusters provide managed virtual GPU servers with auto-scaling for parallel computation workloads.
---

# gcore_cloud_gpu_virtual_cluster (Resource)

GPU virtual clusters provide managed virtual GPU servers with auto-scaling for parallel computation workloads.

## Example Usage

### Basic GPU cluster with public networking

Create a GPU virtual cluster with external IPv4 networking and a boot volume from an image.

```terraform
# Create a GPU virtual cluster with public networking
resource "gcore_cloud_gpu_virtual_cluster" "example" {
  project_id    = 1
  region_id     = 1
  name          = "my-gpu-cluster"
  flavor        = "g3-ai-192-1536-12000-l40s-48-8"
  servers_count = 2

  servers_settings = {
    interfaces = [{
      name      = "pub_net"
      type      = "external"
      ip_family = "ipv4"
    }]
    volumes = [{
      name       = "root-volume"
      size       = 120
      type       = "ssd_hiiops"
      source     = "image"
      image_id   = "4536337d-17c7-48f4-8ac5-01a41dc06f58"
      boot_index = 0
    }]
    credentials = {
      ssh_key_name = "my-ssh-key"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    environment = "ml-training"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `flavor` (String) Cluster flavor ID
- `name` (String) Cluster name
- `servers_count` (Number) Number of servers in the cluster
- `servers_settings` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the servers in the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings))

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags to associate with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Both tag keys and values have a maximum length of 255 characters. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Cluster creation date time
- `has_pending_changes` (Boolean) True if any server in the cluster has pending (not yet applied) settings changes
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `servers_ids` (List of String) List of cluster nodes
- `status` (String) Cluster status
Available values: "active", "creating", "degraded", "deleting", "error", "rebooting", "rebuilding", "resizing", "shutoff".
- `updated_at` (String) Cluster update date time

<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings`

Required:

- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Subnet IPs and floating IPs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--interfaces))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--volumes))

Optional:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Optional server access credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--credentials))
- `file_shares` (Attributes List) List of file shares to be mounted across the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--file_shares))
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) List of security groups UUIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--security_groups))
- `user_data` (String) Optional custom user data (Base64-encoded)

<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.interfaces`

Required:

- `type` (String) Available values: "external", "subnet", "any_subnet".

Optional:

- `floating_ip` (Attributes) Floating IP config for this subnet attachment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers_settings--interfaces--floating_ip))
- `ip_family` (String) Which subnets should be selected: IPv4, IPv6, or use dual stack.
Available values: "dual", "ipv4", "ipv6".
- `name` (String) Interface name
- `network_id` (String) Network ID the subnet belongs to. Port will be plugged in this network
- `subnet_id` (String) Port is assigned an IP address from this subnet

<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--interfaces--floating_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.interfaces.floating_ip`

Required:

- `source` (String) Available values: "new".



<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.volumes`

Required:

- `boot_index` (Number) Boot index of the volume
- `name` (String) Volume name
- `size` (Number) Volume size in GiB
- `source` (String) Available values: "new", "image".
- `type` (String) Volume type
Available values: "cold", "ssd_hiiops", "ssd_local", "ssd_lowlatency", "standard", "ultra".

Optional:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the volume is deleted on instance termination
- `image_id` (String) Image ID for the volume (required if source is 'image')
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with the volume


<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.credentials`

Optional:

- `password_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Used to set the password for the specified 'username' on Linux instances. If 'username' is not provided, the password is applied to the default user of the image. Mutually exclusive with '`user_data`' - only one can be specified.
- `password_wo_version` (Number) Version of the password write-only field. Increment this value to trigger an update when changing the password.
- `ssh_key_name` (String) Specifies the name of the SSH keypair, created via the
[/v1/`ssh_keys` endpoint](/docs/api-reference/cloud/ssh-keys/add-or-generate-ssh-key).
- `username` (String) The 'username' and 'password' fields create a new user on the system


<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--file_shares"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.file_shares`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the file share in UUID format.
- `mount_path` (String) Absolute mount path inside the system where the file share will be mounted.


<a id="nestedatt--servers_settings--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers_settings.security_groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) Resource ID


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_gpu_virtual_cluster.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<cluster_id>'
```

