---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_security_group_rule Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Security group rules define individual traffic permissions specifying protocol, port range, direction, and allowed sources.
---

# gcore_cloud_security_group_rule (Resource)

Security group rules define individual traffic permissions specifying protocol, port range, direction, and allowed sources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_security_group_rule" "example_cloud_security_group_rule" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 1
  group_id = "00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"
  direction = "ingress"
  description = "Some description"
  ethertype = "IPv4"
  port_range_max = 80
  port_range_min = 80
  protocol = "tcp"
  remote_group_id = "00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000"
  remote_ip_prefix = "10.0.0.0/8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direction` (String) Ingress or egress, which is the direction in which the security group is applied
Available values: "egress", "ingress".
- `group_id` (String) Security group ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Rule description
- `ethertype` (String) Ether type
Available values: "IPv4", "IPv6".
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port number in the range that is matched by the security group rule
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `protocol` (String) V2 protocol enum without 'any'. Use null for all protocols instead.
Available values: "ah", "dccp", "egp", "esp", "gre", "icmp", "igmp", "ipencap", "ipip", "ipv6-encap", "ipv6-frag", "ipv6-icmp", "ipv6-nonxt", "ipv6-opts", "ipv6-route", "ospf", "pgm", "rsvp", "sctp", "tcp", "udp", "udplite", "vrrp".
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `remote_group_id` (String) The remote group UUID to associate with this security group
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix that is matched by this security group rule

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tasks` (List of String) List of task IDs representing asynchronous operations. Use these IDs to monitor operation progress:
- `GET /v1/tasks/{task_id}` - Check individual task status and details
Poll task status until completion (`FINISHED`/`ERROR`) before proceeding with dependent operations.
