---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster Resource - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Managed Kubernetes clusters with configurable worker node pools, networking, and cluster add-ons.
---

# gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster (Resource)

Managed Kubernetes clusters with configurable worker node pools, networking, and cluster add-ons.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster" "example_cloud_k8s_cluster" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id = 7
  keypair = "some_keypair"
  name = "string"
  pools = [{
    flavor_id = "g1-standard-1-2"
    min_node_count = 3
    name = "my-pool"
    auto_healing_enabled = true
    boot_volume_size = 50
    boot_volume_type = "ssd_hiiops"
    crio_config = {
      default-ulimits = "nofile=1024:2048"
    }
    is_public_ipv4 = true
    kubelet_config = {
      podMaxPids = "4096"
    }
    labels = {
      my-label = "foo"
    }
    max_node_count = 5
    servergroup_policy = "affinity"
    taints = {
      my-taint = "bar:NoSchedule"
    }
  }]
  version = "1.28.1"
  add_ons = {
    slurm = {
      enabled = true
      file_share_id = "cbc94d0e-06c6-4d12-9e86-9782ba14fc8c"
      ssh_key_ids = ["25735292-bd97-44b0-a1af-d7eab876261d", "efc01f3a-35b9-4385-89f9-e38439093ee7"]
      worker_count = 2
    }
  }
  authentication = {
    oidc = {
      client_id = "kubernetes"
      groups_claim = "groups"
      groups_prefix = "oidc:"
      issuer_url = "https://accounts.provider.example"
      required_claims = {
        claim = "value"
      }
      signing_algs = ["RS256", "RS512"]
      username_claim = "sub"
      username_prefix = "oidc:"
    }
  }
  autoscaler_config = {
    scale-down-unneeded-time = "5m"
  }
  cni = {
    cilium = {
      encryption = true
      hubble_relay = true
      hubble_ui = true
      lb_acceleration = true
      lb_mode = "snat"
      mask_size = 24
      mask_size_v6 = 120
      routing_mode = "tunnel"
      tunnel = "geneve"
    }
    cloud_k8s_cluster_provider = "cilium"
  }
  csi = {
    nfs = {
      vast_enabled = true
    }
  }
  ddos_profile = {
    enabled = true
    fields = [{
      base_field = 10
      field_value = [45046, 45047]
      value = null
    }]
    profile_template = 29
    profile_template_name = "profile_template_name"
  }
  fixed_network = "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  fixed_subnet = "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  is_ipv6 = true
  logging = {
    destination_region_id = 1
    enabled = true
    retention_policy = {
      period = 45
    }
    topic_name = "my-log-name"
  }
  pods_ip_pool = "172.16.0.0/18"
  pods_ipv6_pool = "2a03:90c0:88:393::/64"
  services_ip_pool = "172.24.0.0/18"
  services_ipv6_pool = "2a03:90c0:88:381::/108"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `keypair` (String) The keypair of the cluster
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster
- `pools` (Attributes List) The pools of the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools))
- `version` (String) The version of the k8s cluster

### Optional

- `add_ons` (Attributes) Cluster add-ons configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons))
- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `autoscaler_config` (Map of String) Cluster autoscaler configuration.

It allows you to override the default cluster-autoscaler parameters provided by the platform with your preferred values.

Supported parameters (in alphabetical order):
- balance-similar-node-groups (boolean: true/false) - Detect similar node groups and balance the number of nodes between them.
- expander (string: random, most-pods, least-waste, price, priority, grpc) - Type of node group expander to be used in scale up. Specifying multiple values separated by commas will call the expanders in succession until there is only one option remaining.
- expendable-pods-priority-cutoff (float) - Pods with priority below cutoff will be expendable. They can be killed without any consideration during scale down and they don't cause scale up. Pods with null priority (PodPriority disabled) are non expendable.
- ignore-daemonsets-utilization (boolean: true/false) - Should CA ignore DaemonSet pods when calculating resource utilization for scaling down.
- max-empty-bulk-delete (integer) - Maximum number of empty nodes that can be deleted at the same time.
- max-graceful-termination-sec (integer) - Maximum number of seconds CA waits for pod termination when trying to scale down a node.
- max-node-provision-time (duration: e.g., '15m') - The default maximum time CA waits for node to be provisioned - the value can be overridden per node group.
- max-total-unready-percentage (float) - Maximum percentage of unready nodes in the cluster. After this is exceeded, CA halts operations.
- new-pod-scale-up-delay (duration: e.g., '10s') - Pods less than this old will not be considered for scale-up. Can be increased for individual pods through annotation.
- ok-total-unready-count (integer) - Number of allowed unready nodes, irrespective of max-total-unready-percentage.
- scale-down-delay-after-add (duration: e.g., '10m') - How long after scale up that scale down evaluation resumes.
- scale-down-delay-after-delete (duration: e.g., '10s') - How long after node deletion that scale down evaluation resumes.
- scale-down-delay-after-failure (duration: e.g., '3m') - How long after scale down failure that scale down evaluation resumes.
- scale-down-enabled (boolean: true/false) - Should CA scale down the cluster.
- scale-down-unneeded-time (duration: e.g., '10m') - How long a node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down.
- scale-down-unready-time (duration: e.g., '20m') - How long an unready node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down.
- scale-down-utilization-threshold (float) - The maximum value between the sum of cpu requests and sum of memory requests of all pods running on the node divided by node's corresponding allocatable resource, below which a node can be considered for scale down.
- scan-interval (duration: e.g., '10s') - How often cluster is reevaluated for scale up or down.
- skip-nodes-with-custom-controller-pods (boolean: true/false) - If true cluster autoscaler will never delete nodes with pods owned by custom controllers.
- skip-nodes-with-local-storage (boolean: true/false) - If true cluster autoscaler will never delete nodes with pods with local storage, e.g. EmptyDir or HostPath.
- skip-nodes-with-system-pods (boolean: true/false) - If true cluster autoscaler will never delete nodes with pods from kube-system (except for DaemonSet or mirror pods).
- `cni` (Attributes) Cluster CNI settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cni))
- `csi` (Attributes) Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--csi))
- `ddos_profile` (Attributes) Advanced DDoS Protection profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddos_profile))
- `fixed_network` (String) The network of the cluster
- `fixed_subnet` (String) The subnet of the cluster
- `is_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable public v6 address
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `pods_ip_pool` (String) The IP pool for the pods
- `pods_ipv6_pool` (String) The IPv6 pool for the pods
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID
- `services_ip_pool` (String) The IP pool for the services
- `services_ipv6_pool` (String) The IPv6 pool for the services

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Function creation date
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `id` (String) The name of the cluster
- `is_public` (Boolean) Cluster is public
- `status` (String) Status
Available values: "Deleting", "Provisioned", "Provisioning".
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `tasks` (List of String) List of task IDs representing asynchronous operations. Use these IDs to monitor operation progress:
- `GET /v1/tasks/{task_id}` - Check individual task status and details
Poll task status until completion (`FINISHED`/`ERROR`) before proceeding with dependent operations.

<a id="nestedatt--pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools`

Required:

- `flavor_id` (String) Flavor ID
- `name` (String) Pool's name

Optional:

- `auto_healing_enabled` (Boolean) Enable auto healing
- `boot_volume_size` (Number) Boot volume size
- `boot_volume_type` (String) Boot volume type
Available values: "cold", "ssd_hiiops", "ssd_local", "ssd_lowlatency", "standard", "ultra".
- `crio_config` (Map of String) Cri-o configuration for pool nodes
- `is_public_ipv4` (Boolean) Enable public v4 address
- `kubelet_config` (Map of String) Kubelet configuration for pool nodes
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels applied to the cluster pool
- `max_node_count` (Number) Maximum node count
- `min_node_count` (Number) Minimum node count
- `servergroup_policy` (String) Server group policy: anti-affinity, soft-anti-affinity or affinity
Available values: "affinity", "anti-affinity", "soft-anti-affinity".
- `taints` (Map of String) Taints applied to the cluster pool


<a id="nestedatt--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Optional:

- `slurm` (Attributes) Slurm add-on configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons--slurm))

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons--slurm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons.slurm`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The Slurm add-on will be enabled in the cluster.

This add-on is only supported in clusters running Kubernetes v1.31 and v1.32 with at least 1 GPU cluster pool and VAST NFS support enabled.
- `file_share_id` (String) ID of a VAST file share to be used as Slurm storage.

The Slurm add-on will create separate Persistent Volume Claims for different purposes (controller spool, worker spool, jail) on that file share.

The file share must have `root_squash` disabled, while `path_length` and `allowed_characters` settings must be set to `NPL`.
- `ssh_key_ids` (List of String) IDs of SSH keys to authorize for SSH connection to Slurm login nodes.
- `worker_count` (Number) Size of the worker pool, i.e. the number of Slurm worker nodes.

Each Slurm worker node will be backed by a Pod scheduled on one of cluster's GPU nodes.

Note: Downscaling (reducing worker count) is not supported.



<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDC authentication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oidc))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oidc`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID
- `groups_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user's group
- `groups_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to group claims
- `issuer_url` (String) Issuer URL
- `required_claims` (Map of String) Key-value pairs that describe required claims in the token
- `signing_algs` (List of String) Accepted signing algorithms
- `username_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user name
- `username_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to username claims to prevent clashes



<a id="nestedatt--cni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni`

Optional:

- `cilium` (Attributes) Cilium settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cni--cilium))
- `cloud_k8s_cluster_provider` (String) CNI provider
Available values: "calico", "cilium".

<a id="nestedatt--cni--cilium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni.cilium`

Optional:

- `encryption` (Boolean) Wireguard encryption
- `hubble_relay` (Boolean) Hubble Relay
- `hubble_ui` (Boolean) Hubble UI
- `lb_acceleration` (Boolean) LoadBalancer acceleration
- `lb_mode` (String) LoadBalancer mode
Available values: "dsr", "hybrid", "snat".
- `mask_size` (Number) Mask size for IPv4
- `mask_size_v6` (Number) Mask size for IPv6
- `routing_mode` (String) Routing mode
Available values: "native", "tunnel".
- `tunnel` (String) CNI provider
Available values: "", "geneve", "vxlan".



<a id="nestedatt--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `csi`

Optional:

- `nfs` (Attributes) NFS CSI driver settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--csi--nfs))

<a id="nestedatt--csi--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `csi.nfs`

Optional:

- `vast_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable VAST NFS integration. The default value is `false`. When set to `true`, a dedicated StorageClass will be created in the cluster for each VAST NFS file share defined in the cloud. All file shares created prior to cluster creation will be available immediately, while those created afterward may take a few minutes for to appear.



<a id="nestedatt--ddos_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddos_profile`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced DDoS protection

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) DDoS profile parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddos_profile--fields))
- `profile_template` (Number) DDoS profile template ID
- `profile_template_name` (String) DDoS profile template name

<a id="nestedatt--ddos_profile--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddos_profile.fields`

Required:

- `base_field` (Number)

Optional:

- `field_value` (String) Complex value. Only one of 'value' or 'field_value' must be specified
- `value` (String) Basic value. Only one of 'value' or 'field_value' must be specified



<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Optional:

- `destination_region_id` (Number) Destination region id to which the logs will be written
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable forwarding logs to LaaS
- `retention_policy` (Attributes) The logs retention policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging--retention_policy))
- `topic_name` (String) The topic name to which the logs will be written

<a id="nestedatt--logging--retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging.retention_policy`

Required:

- `period` (Number) Duration of days for which logs must be kept.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_k8s_cluster.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<cluster_name>'
```
