---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cloud_instance_image Resource - Gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Instance images are operating system images (public, private, or shared) used to boot cloud instances.
---

# gcore_cloud_instance_image (Resource)

Instance images are operating system images (public, private, or shared) used to boot cloud instances.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gcore_cloud_instance_image" "example_cloud_instance_image" {
  project_id = 0
  region_id = 0
  name = "my-image"
  url = "http://mirror.noris.net/cirros/0.4.0/cirros-0.4.0-x86_64-disk.img"
  architecture = "x86_64"
  cow_format = false
  hw_firmware_type = "bios"
  hw_machine_type = "q35"
  is_baremetal = false
  os_distro = "ubuntu"
  os_type = "linux"
  os_version = "22.04"
  ssh_key = "allow"
  tags = {
    my-tag = "my-tag-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Image name
- `url` (String) URL

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) Image CPU architecture type: `aarch64`, `x86_64`
Available values: "aarch64", "x86_64".
- `cow_format` (Boolean) When True, image cannot be deleted unless all volumes, created from it, are deleted.
- `hw_firmware_type` (String) Specifies the type of firmware with which to boot the guest.
Available values: "bios", "uefi".
- `hw_machine_type` (String) A virtual chipset type.
Available values: "pc", "q35".
- `is_baremetal` (Boolean) Set to true if the image will be used by bare metal servers. Defaults to false.
- `os_distro` (String) OS Distribution, i.e. Debian, CentOS, Ubuntu, CoreOS etc.
- `os_type` (String) The operating system installed on the image.
Available values: "linux", "windows".
- `os_version` (String) OS version, i.e. 22.04 (for Ubuntu) or 9.4 for Debian
- `project_id` (Number)
- `region_id` (Number)
- `ssh_key` (String) Whether the image supports SSH key or not
Available values: "allow", "deny", "required".
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value tags to associate with the resource. A tag is a key-value pair that can be associated with a resource, enabling efficient filtering and grouping for better organization and management. Both tag keys and values have a maximum length of 255 characters. Some tags are read-only and cannot be modified by the user. Tags are also integrated with cost reports, allowing cost data to be filtered based on tag keys or values.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Datetime when the image was created
- `creator_task_id` (String) Task that created this entity
- `currency_code` (String) Currency code. Shown if the `include_prices` query parameter if set to true
- `description` (String) Image description
- `disk_format` (String) Disk format
- `display_order` (Number)
- `gpu_driver` (String) Name of the GPU driver vendor
- `gpu_driver_type` (String) Type of the GPU driver
- `gpu_driver_version` (String) Version of the installed GPU driver
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `min_disk` (Number) Minimal boot volume required
- `min_ram` (Number) Minimal VM RAM required
- `price_per_hour` (Number) Price per hour. Shown if the `include_prices` query parameter if set to true
- `price_per_month` (Number) Price per month. Shown if the `include_prices` query parameter if set to true
- `price_status` (String) Price status for the UI
Available values: "error", "hide", "show".
- `region` (String) Region name
- `size` (Number) Image size in bytes
- `status` (String) Image status, i.e. active
- `task_id` (String) The UUID of the active task that currently holds a lock on the resource. This lock prevents concurrent modifications to ensure consistency. If `null`, the resource is not locked.
- `tasks` (List of String) List of task IDs representing asynchronous operations. Use these IDs to monitor operation progress:
- `GET /v1/tasks/{task_id}` - Check individual task status and details
Poll task status until completion (`FINISHED`/`ERROR`) before proceeding with dependent operations.
- `updated_at` (String) Datetime when the image was updated
- `visibility` (String) Image visibility. Globally visible images are public

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_cloud_instance_image.example '<project_id>/<region_id>/<image_id>'
```
