---
page_title: "gcore_dns_zone Resource - gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS zones are authoritative containers for domain name records, with support for DNSSEC and SOA configuration.
---

# gcore_dns_zone (Resource)

DNS zones are authoritative containers for domain name records, with support for DNSSEC and SOA configuration.

## Example Usage

### Basic DNS zone

Creates a DNS zone with default settings.

```terraform
# Basic DNS Zone
resource "gcore_dns_zone" "example" {
  name = "example.com"
}
```

### DNS zone with SOA configuration

Creates a DNS zone with custom SOA record fields.

```terraform
# DNS Zone with SOA configuration
resource "gcore_dns_zone" "advanced" {
  name    = "advanced-example.com"
  enabled = true

  # SOA record fields
  contact        = "admin@advanced-example.com"
  expiry         = 604800
  nx_ttl         = 3600
  primary_server = "ns1.advanced-example.com."
  refresh        = 3600
  retry          = 1800
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of DNS zone

### Optional

- `contact` (String) email address of the administrator responsible for this zone
- `dnssec_enabled` (Boolean) Whether DNSSEC is enabled for the zone. Set to true to enable DNSSEC, false to disable. Managed via a separate API endpoint.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If a zone is disabled, then its records will not be resolved on dns servers
- `expiry` (Number) number of seconds after which secondary name servers should stop answering request for this zone
- `meta` (Map of String) arbitrarily data of zone in json format
you can specify `webhook` url and `webhook_method` here
webhook will get a map with three arrays: for created, updated and deleted rrsets
`webhook_method` can be omitted, POST will be used by default
- `nx_ttl` (Number) Time To Live of cache
- `primary_server` (String) primary master name server for zone
- `refresh` (Number) number of seconds after which secondary name servers should query the master for the SOA record, to detect zone changes.
- `retry` (Number) number of seconds after which secondary name servers should retry to request the serial number

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) name of DNS zone
- `records` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--records))
- `rrsets_amount` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rrsets_amount))
- `serial` (Number) Serial number for this zone. Server-managed: always derived from the zone's last modification timestamp.
- `status` (String)
- `warnings` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `records`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `short_answers` (List of String)
- `ttl` (Number)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rrsets_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rrsets_amount`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic` (Attributes) Amount of dynamic RRsets in zone (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rrsets_amount--dynamic))
- `static` (Number) Amount of static RRsets in zone
- `total` (Number) Total amount of RRsets in zone

<a id="nestedatt--rrsets_amount--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rrsets_amount.dynamic`

Read-Only:

- `healthcheck` (Number) Amount of RRsets with enabled healthchecks
- `total` (Number) Total amount of dynamic RRsets in zone


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import gcore_dns_zone.example '<name>'
```

