---
page_title: "gcore_file_share Resource - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a file share (NFS) in Gcore Cloud.
---

# gcore_file_share (Resource)

Represents a file share (NFS) in Gcore Cloud.

## Example Usage

### VAST File Share Example

```terraform
provider "gcore" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Sines-2"
}

resource "gcore_file_share" "file_share_vast" {
  name       = "tf-file-share-vast"
  size       = 10
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id
  type_name  = "vast"
  protocol   = "NFS"
  share_settings {
    allowed_characters = "LCD"
    path_length = "LCD"
    root_squash = true
  }
}
```

### Standard File Share Example

```terraform
provider "gcore" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Luxembourg-2"
}

resource "gcore_file_share" "file_share_standard" {
  name       = "tf-file-share-standard"
  size       = 20
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id
  type_name  = "standard"
  protocol   = "NFS"

  network {
    network_id = "378ba73d-16c5-4a4e-a755-d9406dd73e63"
  }

  access {
    ip_address  = "10.95.129.0/24"
    access_mode = "rw"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the file share. It must be unique within the project and region.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used by the file share. Currently, only 'NFS' is supported.
- `size` (Number) The size of the file share in GB. It must be a positive integer.
- `type_name` (String) The type of the file share. Must be one of 'standard' or 'vast'.

### Optional

- `access` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access))
- `network` (Block List, Max: 1) Network configuration for the file share. It must include a network ID and optionally a subnet ID. (Only required for type_name: 'standard') (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network))
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `project_name` (String) Project name, only one of project_id or project_name should be set
- `region_id` (Number) Region ID, only one of region_id or region_name should be set
- `region_name` (String) Region name, only one of region_id or region_name should be set
- `share_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Share settings for the file share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--share_settings))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags to associate with the file share. Tags are key-value pairs.

### Read-Only

- `connection_point` (String) The connection point of the file share.
- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the file share in ISO 8601 format.
- `creator_task_id` (String) The ID of the task that created the file share.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `network_name` (String) The name of the network associated with the file share.
- `share_network_name` (String) The name of the share network associated with the file share. This is only applicable for 'standard'.
- `status` (String) The status of the file share.
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet associated with the file share

<a id="nestedblock--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Required:

- `access_mode` (String) The access mode of the file share (ro/rw).
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the file share.


<a id="nestedblock--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Optional:

- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network to which the file share will be connected. This is required for 'standard'.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet within the network. This is optional and can be used to specify a particular subnet for the file share.


<a id="nestedblock--share_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_settings`

Optional:

- `allowed_characters` (String) Allowed characters in file names.
- `path_length` (String) Affects the maximum limit of file path component name length.
- `root_squash` (Boolean) Indicates if root squash is enabled.




 