---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_k8sv2 Resource - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent k8s cluster with one default pool.
---

# gcore_k8sv2 (Resource)

Represent k8s cluster with one default pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider gcore {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "gcore_k8sv2" "cl" {
  project_id    = 1
  region_id     = 1
  name          = "cluster1"
  fixed_network = "6bf878c1-1ce4-47c3-a39b-6b5f1d79bf25"
  fixed_subnet  = "dc3a3ea9-86ae-47ad-a8e8-79df0ce04839"
  keypair       = "test_key"
  version       = "v1.26.7"
  pool {
    name             = "pool1"
    flavor_id        = "g1-standard-1-2"
    min_node_count   = 1
    max_node_count   = 1
    boot_volume_size = 10
    boot_volume_type = "standard"
  }
}

data "gcore_k8sv2_kubeconfig" "config" {
  cluster_name       = gcore_k8sv2.cl.name
  region_id          = data.gcore_region.rg.id
  project_id         = data.gcore_project.pr.id
}

// to store kubeconfig in a file pls use
// terraform output -raw kubeconfig > config.yaml
output "kubeconfig" {
  value = data.gcore_k8sv2_kubeconfig.config.kubeconfig
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `keypair` (String) Name of the keypair used for SSH access to nodes.
- `name` (String) Cluster name.
- `pool` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pool))
- `version` (String) Kubernetes version.

### Optional

- `authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication))
- `autoscaler_config` (Map of String) Cluster autoscaler configuration params. Keys and values are expected to follow the cluster-autoscaler option format.
- `cni` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster CNI configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cni))
- `fixed_network` (String) Fixed network used to allocate network addresses for cluster nodes.
- `fixed_subnet` (String) Fixed subnet used to allocate network addresses for cluster nodes. Subnet should have a router.
- `is_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable public IPv6 address.
- `pods_ip_pool` (String) Pods IPv4 IP pool in CIDR notation.
- `pods_ipv6_pool` (String) Pods IPv6 IP pool in CIDR notation.
- `project_id` (Number)
- `project_name` (String)
- `region_id` (Number)
- `region_name` (String)
- `services_ip_pool` (String) Services IPv4 IP pool in CIDR notation.
- `services_ipv6_pool` (String) Services IPv6 IP pool in CIDR notation.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Cluster creation date.
- `creator_task_id` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_public` (Boolean) True if the cluster is public.
- `status` (String) Cluster status.
- `task_id` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pool`

Required:

- `flavor_id` (String) Cluster pool node flavor ID. Changing the value of this attribute will trigger recreation of the cluster pool.
- `min_node_count` (Number) Minimum number of nodes in the cluster pool.
- `name` (String) Cluster pool name. Changing the value of this attribute will trigger recreation of the cluster pool.

Optional:

- `auto_healing_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable auto healing of cluster pool nodes.
- `boot_volume_size` (Number) Cluster pool boot volume size. Must be set only for VM pools. Changing the value of this attribute will trigger recreation of the cluster pool.
- `boot_volume_type` (String) Cluster pool boot volume type. Must be set only for VM pools. Available values are 'standard', 'ssd_hiiops', 'cold', 'ultra'. Changing the value of this attribute will trigger recreation of the cluster pool.
- `crio_config` (Map of String) Crio configuration for pool nodes. Keys and values are expected to follow the crio option format.
- `is_public_ipv4` (Boolean) Assign public IPv4 address to nodes in this pool. Changing the value of this attribute will trigger recreation of the cluster pool.
- `kubelet_config` (Map of String) Kubelet configuration for pool nodes. Keys and values are expected to follow the kubelet configuration file format.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels applied to the cluster pool nodes.
- `max_node_count` (Number) Maximum number of nodes in the cluster pool.
- `servergroup_policy` (String) Server group policy: anti-affinity, soft-anti-affinity or affinity
- `taints` (Map of String) Taints applied to the cluster pool nodes.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Cluster pool creation date.
- `node_count` (Number) Current node count in the cluster pool.
- `servergroup_id` (String) Server group id
- `servergroup_name` (String) Server group name
- `status` (String) Cluster pool status.


<a id="nestedblock--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `oidc` (Block List, Max: 1) OpenID Connect configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authentication--oidc))

<a id="nestedblock--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oidc`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) A client id that all tokens must be issued for.
- `groups_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user's group.
- `groups_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to group claims to prevent clashes with existing names.
- `issuer_url` (String) URL of the provider that allows the API server to discover public signing keys. Only URLs that use the https:// scheme are accepted.
- `required_claims` (Map of String) A map describing required claims in the ID Token. Each claim is verified to be present in the ID Token with a matching value.
- `signing_algs` (Set of String) Accepted signing algorithms. Supported values are: RS256, RS384, RS512, ES256, ES384, ES512, PS256, PS384, PS512.
- `username_claim` (String) JWT claim to use as the user name. When not specified, the `sub` claim will be used.
- `username_prefix` (String) Prefix prepended to username claims to prevent clashes with existing names.



<a id="nestedblock--cni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni`

Optional:

- `cilium` (Block List, Max: 1) Cilium CNI configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cni--cilium))
- `provider` (String) CNI provider to use when creating the cluster. Supported values are: calico, cilium. The default value is calico.

<a id="nestedblock--cni--cilium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cni.cilium`

Optional:

- `encryption` (Boolean) Enables transparent network encryption. The default value is false.
- `hubble_relay` (Boolean) Enables Hubble Relay. The default value is false.
- `hubble_ui` (Boolean) Enables Hubble UI. Requires `hubble_relay=true`. The default value is false.
- `lb_acceleration` (Boolean) Enables load balancer acceleration via XDP. The default value is false.
- `lb_mode` (String) The operation mode of load balancing for remote backends. Supported values are snat, dsr, hybrid. The default value is snat.
- `mask_size` (Number) Specifies the size allocated from pods_ip_pool CIDR to node.ipam.podCIDRs. The default value is 24.
- `mask_size_v6` (Number) Specifies the size allocated from pods_ipv6_pool CIDR to node.ipam.podCIDRs. The default value is 120.
- `routing_mode` (String) Enables native-routing mode or tunneling mode. The default value is tunnel.
- `tunnel` (String) Tunneling protocol to use in tunneling mode and for ad-hoc tunnels. The default value is geneve.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<cluster_name> format
terraform import gcore_k8sv2.cluster1 1:6:cluster1
```
