---
page_title: "gcore_lbpool Resource - terraform-provider-gcore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic
---

# gcore_lbpool (Resource)

Represent load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic

## Example Usage

### Prerequisite

```terraform
provider gcore {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "gcore_project" "project" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "gcore_region" "region" {
  name = "Luxembourg-2"
}
```

### TCP Pool with health monitor and session persistence

```terraform
resource "gcore_lblistener" "tcp_80" {
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id

  loadbalancer_id = gcore_loadbalancerv2.lb.id

  name          = "My first tcp listener with pool"
  protocol      = "TCP"
  protocol_port = 80
}

resource "gcore_lbpool" "tcp_80" {
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id

  loadbalancer_id = gcore_loadbalancerv2.lb.id
  listener_id     = gcore_lblistener.tcp_80.id

  name            = "My first tcp pool"
  protocol        = "TCP"
  lb_algorithm    = "ROUND_ROBIN"

  health_monitor {
    type        = "PING"
    delay       = 10
    max_retries = 5
    timeout     = 5
  }

  session_persistence {
    type        = "APP_COOKIE"
    cookie_name = "test_new_cookie"
  }
}
```

### Simple pool with proxy protocol

```terraform
resource "gcore_lblistener" "proxy_8080" {
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id

  loadbalancer_id = gcore_loadbalancerv2.lb.id

  name          = "My first proxy listener with pool"
  protocol      = "TCP"
  protocol_port = 8080
}

resource "gcore_lbpool" "proxy_8080" {
  project_id = data.gcore_project.project.id
  region_id  = data.gcore_region.region.id

  loadbalancer_id = gcore_loadbalancerv2.lb.id
  listener_id     = gcore_lblistener.proxy_8080.id

  name            = "My first proxy pool"
  protocol        = "PROXY"
  lb_algorithm    = "LEAST_CONNECTIONS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lb_algorithm` (String) Available values is 'ROUND_ROBIN', 'LEAST_CONNECTIONS', 'SOURCE_IP'
- `name` (String) Pool name.
- `protocol` (String) Available values are 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', 'TCP', 'UDP', 'PROXY', 'PROXYV2'

### Optional

- `health_monitor` (Block List, Max: 1) Health Monitor settings for defining health state of members inside this pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--health_monitor))
- `listener_id` (String) ID of the target listener associated with load balancer to attach newly created pool.
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) ID of the target load balancer to attach newly created pool.
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the desired project to create load balancer pool in. Alternative for `project_name`. One of them should be specified.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the desired project to create load balancer pool in. Alternative for `project_id`. One of them should be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) ID of the desired region to create load balancer pool in. Alternative for `region_name`. One of them should be specified.
- `region_name` (String) Name of the desired region to create load balancer pool in. Alternative for `region_id`. One of them should be specified.
- `session_persistence` (Block List, Max: 1) Pool session persistence tells the load balancer to attempt to send future requests from a client to the same backend member as the initial request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_persistence))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Datetime when load balancer pool was updated at the last time.

<a id="nestedblock--health_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_monitor`

Required:

- `delay` (Number) The time, in seconds, between sending probes to members.
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of successful checks before changing the operating status of the member to ONLINE.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum time, in seconds, that a monitor waits to connect before it times out.
- `type` (String) Available values is 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', 'PING', 'TCP', 'TLS-HELLO', 'UDP-CONNECT

Optional:

- `expected_codes` (String) The list of HTTP status codes expected in response from the member to declare it healthy.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method that the health monitor uses for requests.
- `id` (String) Health Monitor ID.
- `max_retries_down` (Number) The number of allowed check failures before changing the operating status of the member to ERROR.
- `url_path` (String) The HTTP URL path of the request sent by the monitor to test the health of a backend member.


<a id="nestedblock--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_persistence`

Required:

- `type` (String) One of: 'APP_COOKIE' (an application supplied cookie), 'HTTP_COOKIE' (a cookie created by the load balancer), 'SOURCE_IP' (the source IP address).

Optional:

- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the application cookie to use for session persistence.
- `persistence_granularity` (String) The netmask used to determine SCTP or UDP SOURCE_IP session persistence.
- `persistence_timeout` (Number) The timeout, in seconds, after which a SCTP or UDP flow may be rescheduled to a different member.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)





## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<lbpool_id> format
terraform import gcore_lbpool.lbpool1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```

